// Name: Project step 1
// Author: James Smelser
// Date: July 7, 2019

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My name is James Smelser, I have spent the last 22 years in the military and this is the start of the next chapter in this journey
called life. My passion for I.T. started at a young age, roughly 8 years old, when I was introduced to computers by my *stepfather*
who was a computer analyst at Lockheed-Martin. The MSSA program is my opportunity to pursue a dream I have had for a long
time and this project will be the physical manifestation of that hard work and dedication. My project will allow me to get
outside my comfort zone and push myself to places you cannot go without taking that leap. My personal objectives for my project
are an application that is current with technology, requires multiple layers of coding and has a functional place for use.

My first prospective project is a phone application that allows the user to scan a barcode which will return the consumer
satisfaction *rating and feedback* using the google, amazon etc. framework. This project will fit into my
personal objectives by requiring me to create an application that is multi dimensional, functional and useful with today's
technology.

My second prospective project is a GPS locator and emergency call capability utilizing a phone or GPS watch. This application
will allow the user to send out a distress signal to selected individuals with a notification on the *recipient's* end. It
also allows the user's location to be identified through a map program like google maps in the case of lost contact. This
project meets all the criteria listed in my personal objectives and is the hardest to accomplish out of the three.

My third prospective project is a testing system that provides training to the user as well as quizzes leading up to the
formal testing evaluation. It will comprise of four parts as well as resources and references for each. The parts are study
material, quizzes, tests and an automated grading system. This system is an out of the box application to take the user
from start to finish through the courseware. This project meets my personal objectives and will be focused around the Army
Pathfinder course but can be used with any course of *study,* so it is multi-faceted as well as functional and useful.

This project will be the cornerstone and summary of everything I have learned in MSSA. It will allow me to create a piece
of technology that is applicable and useful to the user. My projects on the surface are very different but all have a
common thread, they will impact the users life. That is my personal objective to not only push my knowledge and application
of what I have learned but more so to create something that can have a positive impact on the user. "Every once in a while,
a new technology, an old problem, and a big idea turn into an innovation." Dean Kamen.
